Guess: Radar
Guess: Tiger
Guess:Chair
Guess:Drape
Guess: chair
Guess: latch
Guess: latch
Guess: latch
Guess: theww
Guess: flute
Guess: hecbe
Guess: plame
Guess: maple
Guess: radar
Guess: maple
Guess: radar
Guess: radar
Guess: melon
Guess: lemon
Guess: radar
Guess: merab
Guess: fluke
Guess: flute
Guess: fluke
Guess: flukw
Guess: flute
Guess: beach
Guess: flute
Guess: ambez
Guess: amber
Guess: radar
Guess: lemon
ALvin -> Guess: Words
ALvin -> Guess: amber
ALvin -> Guess: radar
ALvin -> Guess: tiger
Alvin -> Guess: radar
adf -> Guess: tiger
adfa -> Guess: radar
adfa -> Guess: mango
adfa -> Guess: lemon
sdfads -> Guess: tiger
adad -> Guess: lemon
adad -> Guess: radar
adad -> Guess: mango
adad -> Guess: olive
adad -> Guess: maple
Alvin -> Guess: radar
Alvin -> Guess: latch
Alvin -> Guess: mango
Alvin -> Guess: lemon
adfa -> Guess: radar
adfa -> Guess: latch
adfa -> Guess: lemon
adfa -> Guess: melon
adfa -> Guess: chair
adfa -> Guess: lemon
adfa -> Guess: radar
adfa -> Guess: mango
adfa -> Guess: grape
adfa -> Guess: tiger
adfa -> Guess: radar
adfa -> Guess: radar
adfa -> Guess: lemon
adfa -> Guess: mango
adfa -> Guess: banjo
adfa -> Guess: bread
adfa -> Guess: break
adfa -> Guess: beach
kjadf -> Guess: radar
afd -> Guess: tiger
adfa -> Guess: tiger
af -> Guess: lemon
adf -> Guess: lemon
afda -> Guess: radar
afda -> Guess: radar
afda -> Guess: lemon
afda -> Guess: bread
kjjh -> Guess: lemon
adfa -> Guess: bread
adfa -> Guess: Lemon
adfa -> Guess: radar
adfa -> Guess: melon
adfa -> Guess: mello
adfa -> Guess: mango
adfa -> Guess: mallo
adfa -> Guess: maple
adfa -> Guess: radar
adfa -> Guess: tiger
adfa -> Guess: drape
afa -> Guess: radar
afa -> Guess: amber
afa -> Guess: tiger
afa -> Guess: drape
afa -> Guess: maple
afa -> Guess: flute
adsfa -> Guess: radar
ljgh -> Guess: chair
ljgh -> Guess: lemon
ljgh -> Guess: leach
ljgh -> Guess: flute
ljgh -> Guess: radar
ljgh -> Guess: amber
Paul -> Guess: radar0
Paul -> Guess: latch0
Paul -> Guess: latch0
Paul -> Guess: beach0
Kev -> Guess: radar0
Kev -> Guess: latch0
Kev -> Guess: mango0
Kev -> Guess: maple0
afadf -> Guess: radar0
afadf -> Guess: latch0
afadf -> Guess: latch10
adfa -> Guess: bread0
adfa -> Guess: lemon0
adfa -> Guess: amber10
adfa -> Guess: drape10
adfa -> Guess: chair20
adfa -> Guess: radar20
adfa -> Guess: tiger20
afdad -> Guess: radar0
afdad -> Guess: bread0
afdad -> Guess: drape0
afdad -> Guess: drape0
afdad -> Guess: beach0
afdad -> Guess: amber10
afdad -> Guess: tiger10
afdad -> Guess: chair10
Name -> Guess: radar0
Name -> Guess: bread0
Name -> Guess: beach0
JOHN -> Guess: radar0
JOHN -> Guess: lemon0
JOHN -> Guess: melon0
DOE -> Guess: radar0
DOE -> Guess: lemon0
DOE -> Guess: tiger10
DOE -> Guess: bread10
DOE -> Guess: latch10
DOE -> Guess: beach10
JOHN -> Guess: radar0
JOHN -> Guess: mango0
JOHN -> Guess: latch0
JOHN -> Guess: bread10
JOHN -> Guess: beach10
JOHN -> Guess: radar20
JOHN -> Guess: tiger20
JOHN -> Guess: bread30
JOHN -> Guess: latch30
JOHN -> Guess: maple30
JOHN -> Guess: apple30
JOHN -> Guess: radar30
JOHN -> Guess: radar40
JOHN -> Guess: latch40
JOHN -> Guess: beach40
JOHN -> Guess: bread40
JOHN -> Guess: leach40
